[docs] SSL documentation (#4086)
elastic/apm-server: docs/ssl-input.asciidoc

Certificate and private key can be issued by a trusted certificate authority (CA)
or <<self-signed-cert,self-signed>>.

NOTE: When using a self-signed (or custom CA) certificate, communication from APM Agents will require
additional settings due to <<ssl-server-authentication>>

[[self-signed-cert]]
==== Creating a self-signed certificate

The Elasticsearch distribution offers the `certutil` tool for the creation of self-signed certificates:

1. Create a CA: `./bin/elasticsearch-certutil ca --pem`. You'll be prompted to enter the desired
location of the output zip archive containing the certificate and the private key.
2. Extract the contents of the CA archive.
3. Create the self-signed certificate: `./bin/elasticsearch-certutil cert --ca-cert
<path-to-ca-crt>/ca.crt --ca-key <path-to-ca-key>/ca.key --pem --name localhost`
4. Extract the certificate and key from the resulted zip archive.

[[ssl-server-authentication]]
==== Server certificate authentication

By default, when SSL is enabled for APM Server inbound communication, agents will verify the identity
of the APM Server by authenticating its certificate. It is not recommended to change this default,

> however it is possible through agent configuration:

Reviewer: Since it's not recommended, perhaps move this to the end of the section?

SSL/TLS is disabled by default. Besides enabling it, you need to provide a certificate and a corresponding
private key as well.

> Following is a basic APM Server SSL config with secure communication enabled:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a basic APM Server SSL config with secure communication enabled:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apm-server.ssl.enabled: true
apm-server.ssl.certificate: "/path/to/apm-server.crt"
apm-server.ssl.key: "/path/to/apm-server.key"
----

> This will make APM Server serve HTTPS requests instead of HTTP.

Reviewer 2: I'd add this line to line 4 above:

> The following is a basic APM Server SSL config with secure communication enabled.
This will make APM Server serve HTTPS requests instead of HTTP.

A full list of configuration options is available in <<agent-server-ssl>>.

Certificate and private key can be issued by a trusted certificate authority (CA)
or <<self-signed-cert,self-signed>>.

NOTE: When using a self-signed (or custom CA) certificate, communication from APM Agents will require

> additional settings due to <<ssl-server-authentication>>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
additional settings due to <<ssl-server-authentication>>.
```

[[self-signed-cert]]

> ==== Creating a self-signed certificate

Reviewer 2: Try to avoid using [gerunds](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gerund) in headings

```suggestion
==== Create a self-signed certificate
```

<path-to-ca-crt>/ca.crt --ca-key <path-to-ca-key>/ca.key --pem --name localhost`
4. Extract the certificate and key from the resulted zip archive.

[[ssl-server-authentication]]
==== Server certificate authentication

By default, when SSL is enabled for APM Server inbound communication, agents will verify the identity
of the APM Server by authenticating its certificate. It is not recommended to change this default,
however it is possible through agent configuration:

* *Go Agent*: {apm-go-ref}/configuration.html#config-verify-server-cert[`ELASTIC_APM_VERIFY_SERVER_CERT`]
* *.NET Agent*: {apm-dotnet-ref}/config-reporter.html#config-verify-server-cert[`VerifyServerCert`]
* *Java Agent*: {apm-java-ref}/config-reporter.html#config-verify-server-cert[`verify_server_cert`]
* *Python Agent*: {apm-py-ref}/configuration.html#config-verify-server-cert[`verify_server_cert`]
* *Ruby Agent*: {apm-ruby-ref}/configuration.html#config-verify-server-cert[`verify_server_cert`]
* *NodeJS Agent*: {apm-node-ref}/configuration.html#validate-server-cert[`verifyServerCert`]

When the APM server uses a certificate that is not chained to a publicly-trusted certificate

> (e.g. self-signed), additional setting will be required on the agent side:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(e.g. self-signed), an additional setting is required on the agent side:
```

* *Go Agent*: certificate pinning through {apm-go-ref}/configuration.html#config-server-cert[`ELASTIC_APM_SERVER_CERT`]
* *Python Agent*: certificate pinning through {apm-py-ref}/configuration.html#config-server-cert[`server_cert`]

> * *Ruby Agent*: certificate pinning through {apm-ruby-ref}/configuration.html#config-ssl-ca-cert[`server_ca_cert`]

Author: @elastic/apm-agent-ruby is this config about certificate pinning? If so, it should be aligned with the Python and Go agents - `ELASTIC_APM_SERVER_CERT`. Otherwise, if it is about setting a custom CA, it should be aligned with Node JS agent's `ELASTIC_APM_SERVER_CA_CERT_FILE` (not suggesting which should adjust 🙂 )

Reviewer 3: It's the latter, and there's issues 😊 
Pinning: https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-ruby/issues/248
CA cert file: https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-ruby/issues/650

* *NodeJS Agent*: custom CA setting through {apm-node-ref}/configuration.html#server-ca-cert-file[`serverCaCertFile`]
* *Java Agent*: adding the certificate to the JVM `trustStore`.

> See {apm-java-ref}/setup-ssl#ssl-server-authentication[APM Server authentication] for more details.

Author: @elastic/apm-agent-net consider either implementing a config option like the ones above, or add a small documentation on how to enable on the CLR level.

[[ssl-client-authentication]]
==== Client certificate authentication

By default, the APM Server does require agents to provide a certificate for authentication.
This can be changed through the `ssl.client_authentication` configuration.

There is no dedicated support for SSL/TLS client certificate authentication in Elastic's backend agents,

> so setting it up may require some additional effort. For example - see

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
so setting it up may require some additional effort. For example, see
```
